Unify `par_dispatch`, `par_for_outer` & `par_for_inner` overloads (#1142)
parthenon-hpc-lab/parthenon: doc/sphinx/src/par_for.rst

       loop_pattern_tag, exec_space, PARTHENON_AUTO_LABEL, ks, ke, js, je, is, ie,
       KOKKOS_LAMBDA(const int k, const int j, const int i) {
         data(k, j, i) += 1.;
       });

.. list-table:: parallel launch parameters
   :widths: 25 75
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Parameter
     -
   * - loop_pattern_tag
     - Determines the execution policy. See table below.
   * - exec_space
     - kokkos execution space
   * - loop bounds
     - inclusive start/end pairs for the multidimensional loop. Supported types are ``integral`` and ``parthenon::IndexRange``.
       Can be extended to accept other types (see below).
   * - functor
     - Defines the body of the parallel loop. 
       See `Kokkos programming guide <https://kokkos.org/kokkos-core-wiki/ProgrammingGuide/ParallelDispatch.html#functors>`_
       for more.

.. list-table:: Loop Pattern tags
   :widths: 40 60
   :header-rows: 1

   * - Tag
     - Execution Policy
   * - ``loop_pattern_flatrange_tag``
     - Flattens all of the loops into a single ``Kokkos::RangePolicy``
   * - ``loop_pattern_simdfor_tag``
     - Maps to two C-style loops. The innermost gets decorated with a ``#pragma omp simd`` and the remaining

>        loops are flattened into a single C-style for looop. Only supported on CPU.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       loops are flattened into a single C-style for loop. Only supported on CPU.
```

   * - ``loop_pattern_mdrange_tag``
     - Maps all the loop bounds onto a ``Kokkos::MDRangePolicy``
   * - ``LoopPatternTeamThreadVec<Nt, Nv>()``

>      - Maps onto a hierarchial parrallel loop. The ``Nv`` inner loops are flattened onto a ``VectorRange`` policy,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Maps onto a hierarchical parallel loop. The ``Nv`` inner loops are flattened onto a ``VectorRange`` policy,
```

Author: ha, I seem to have made this typo repeatedly....
